C is the programming language developed by Dennis Ritchie in 1972 AT&T bell labs that is statically typed, compiled, procedural, and a high-level programming language. 
It served has an influential foundation for subsequent languages and was syntactically inspired from B languages.
 fact : to generate assembly code from c lang using gcc use command gcc -S filename.c
Terms and their meanings used :

                1) Compiled : A prog lang is "Compiled" when it
                   get's translated into the system understandable byte code 
                   
                   "Almost every language is "Compiled" though not every language
                   is "Interpreted" like C,C++,go and rust"

                2) Statically typed : A prog lang is "Statically typed" when the language 
                   is needed to be made aware with data types the language get's called
                   a Statically typed language.

                3) Procedural : A prog lang is "Procedural" when the lang supports a paradigm 
                   which is based on the concept of procedures or routines, which are sets of 
                   instructions that tell a computer what to do step by step i.e. Functions .
                   In procedural programming procedures are UDF (User defined functions)
                
                4) Pointers and Memory Management : In c and C++ their is a concept of pointers
                   that is a varriable that stores the memory address of other varriables

                   In C , C++ and C# every Memory can be allocated and reallocated though C# has garbage collection like java.
                   (Maybe C # has all featurs of C family in one lang  ?)

Note : - Accroding to some people C and C++ is a lower level programming language because it has manual memory management and other 

lang's that has interpreter support like Java, Pytthon, JS, kotlin and all are higher level programming languages cause they have garbage 

collection that does the job of memory management ..... Though I never really hated manual memory management but it might just become adsoulte 

-\(-_-)/- Though C++ is mostly used in the devlopment in game engines .... C is mostly usde in kernel builds .... though I would say ...

both has alternatives like C# and java for game engines, and rust is for kernal compilations... 

some programing languages such as Ada, Modula-3, and C++/CLI support both manual memory management and garbage collection

FYI : Modula-3 is the language from which the insperation of for the Pytthon was takken .... and FYI Ada is the language that was 

made by "Ada lovelace" who invented her own programing language and is considered to be the world's first programer who worked with "Charles Babbage" of

in the "Analytical engine" also Nvidia's 40 serires's architecture name is "Ada love lace" . 